feat(pipes-enrichments): add Step Functions enrichment eventbridge pipes (#30495)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-pipes-enrichments-alpha/README.md

  target: new SomeTarget(targetQueue),
});
```

> ### Step Functions statemachine
> 
> A Step Functions statemachine can be used to enrich events of a pipe.
> Express workflows are only supported and can only be invoked synchronously.
> For more information, see [Amazon EventBridge Pipes event enrichment](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/pipes-enrichment.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step Functions state machine

Step Functions state machine can be used to enrich events of a pipe.

**Note:** EventBridge Pipes only supports Express workflows invoked synchronously.

> Visit [Amazon EventBridge Pipes event enrichment](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/pipes-enrichment.html) for more details.
```
